Release Cognitive Services Data Plane SDKs Round I (#4955)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/cognitiveservices/cognitiveservices-videosearch/README.md

#### nodejs - Authentication, client creation and search videos as an example written in TypeScript.

##### Install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js

```bash
npm install @azure/ms-rest-azure-js
```

##### Sample code

> The following sample lets you perform a video search on 'Microsoft Azure' with conditions such as the length must be Short, pricing must be Free, etc. To know more, Refer the [Azure Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-video-search/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sample performs a video search on 'Microsoft Azure' with conditions such as the length must be Short, pricing must be Free, etc. To know more, refer to the [Azure Documentation on Bing Video Search](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/bing-video-search/)
```
